Added subsection to the Code section about avoid destructuring props (#34)
Appnroll/appnroll-developers: src/content/styleguide.mdx

}
```

## Avoid destructuring props if it isn't needed

> Try to keep it as simple as possible passing props. Avoid destructuring props if you can pass whole props or part of props by use the rest operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to keep passing props as simple as possible. Avoid destructurization if you can pass the whole object or part of it by using the rest operator.
```

Just an editorial. 🤷

Author: Thanks! Unfortunately, I have a tendency to complicate descriptions.
